---
title: "why?"
bg: sunwa_cyan
color: white
fa-icon: question
---

<div>
<h2>There are at least two reasons that I developed this app</h1>
<h3 style="text-align: justify">
	1. There is a big pile of data about our Sun and it's cumbersome to access it. So most of the people never see it. I wanted to make this data easily accessible for everyone not just for tech-savvy people. All of these images could become extremely handy in education, for example. Where the teachers could show the Sun in its real form and students will have more vivid pictures to link the information (like what is it? why is important to have a sun?). If the teacher wants to show a specific sunburst s/he could do it with this app.
</h3>
<h3 style="text-align: justify">
2. I like to see the Sun from time to time, hence the feature to set the Sun as a wallpaper. It reminds me that all of my life problems are so small, even if they look so big. Also, it creates a strange feeling that I'm so small and the Universe is so incomprehensibly big. This feeling gives me extra energy to do things because everything is small compared to the Sun (e.g. every challenge). And also relieves some stress because the importance of everything is so small compared to the existence of the Sun.
</h3>
<h3 style="text-align: justify">
Here is one more reason:
If you love sci-fi then you know that this is the closest you can get to the sci-fi world if it's about the Sun. A piece of sci-fi on your mobile screen and the best part is that this is real.
</h3>
</div>